README.md, before:

# Web Development

These are web pages, CSS files, and snippets of jQuery which are meant to be publicly available. They are examples of work I can do. 

## Getting Started

Feel free to follow the instructions below to get a copy of these files set up on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

### Prerequisites

Each project will require it's own prerequisites. Those will be outlined in the **Projects** section below.

### Installing

```
Step 1) Fork a copy of the repository in github which is located here: https://github.com/tschrock5252/web_development

Step 2) On your local machine, move to a new folder to work within and create a new git repository with: git init

Step 3) Add a new origin using the following command: git remote add origin git@github.com:your_username/web_development.git

Step 4) Download all files using: git pull origin master
```

### Projects

#### basic_html

Since these files are all static HTML and CSS at this time, not much additional development work is needed to make them functional. However, customizing them to your environment will certainly be required.

This project is a simple HTML and CSS page. It's responsive, SEO friendly, has no JavaScript, and works across multiple browsers.

Commit message:

I've added both the accordion and autocomplete JQuery widgets to the web_development repository.

README.md, after:

# Web Development

These are web pages, CSS files, and snippets of jQuery which are meant to be publicly available. They are examples of work I can do.

## Getting Started

Feel free to follow the instructions below to get a copy of these files set up on your local machine for development and testing purposes.

### Prerequisites

Each project will require it's own prerequisites. Those will be outlined in the **Projects** section below.

### Installing

```
Step 1) Fork a copy of the repository in github which is located here: https://github.com/tschrock5252/web_development

Step 2) On your local machine, move to a new folder to work within and create a new git repository with: git init

Step 3) Add a new origin using the following command: git remote add origin git@github.com:your_username/web_development.git

Step 4) Download all files using: git pull origin master
```

### Projects

#### basic_html

Since these files are all static HTML and CSS at this time, not much additional development work is needed to make them functional. However, customizing them to your environment will certainly be required.

This project is a simple HTML and CSS page. It's responsive, SEO friendly, has no JavaScript, and works across multiple browsers.

#### JQuery 

This project uses the basic_html project's format and extends upon it. Each page has a JQuery utility/tool with functionality. Each of those are detailed and outlined below. 

##### accordion

This page has an accordion UI menu which expands and collapses when clicked. 

##### autocomplete

This page has an autocomplete widget which will automatically fill in NFL team names if you start typing them.
